The President:
Hi, everybody.
This week, I called
members of my Cabinet
to the White House to deal
with a challenge that
affects so many families
and communities -
the crime, the outrage,
of sexual violence.
Sexual assault is an
affront
to our basic decency and humanity.
And it's about all of us
- the safety of those we
love most: our moms, our
wives,
our daughters and our sons.
Because when a child
starts to question their
self-worth after being
abused,
and maybe starts withdrawing...
or a young woman drops
out of school
after being attacked...
or a mother struggles
to hold down
a job and support her kids
after an assault...
it's not just these
individuals
and their families who suffer.
Our communities - our
whole country -
is held back.
Over the past five years,
we've stepped
up our efforts stop these crimes.
And this week, we took
another important
step to protect young
women at college.
An estimated 1 in 5 women
is sexually assaulted
at college - and that's
totally unacceptable.
So I've created the
White House Task Force
to Protect Students
from Sexual Assault.
We're going to help
schools do a better
job of preventing and responding
to sexual assault
on their campuses.
Because college should be
a place where our young
people feel secure and
confident,
so they can go as far as their
talents will take them.
And we're going to keep
working
to stop sexual assaults wherever
they occur.
We'll keep strengthening
our criminal justice
system, so police and
prosecutors
have the tools and training to
prevent these crimes and bring
perpetrators to justice.
We'll keep reaching out
to survivors, to make sure
they're getting all the
support they need to heal.
We're going to keep
combating sexual assault
in our armed forces,
because when a member
of our military is attacked
by the very people
he or she trusts and serves
with, that's an injustice
that no one who volunteers
to protect
our nation should ever endure.
Some of this is a
job for government.
But really, it's
up to all of us.
We've got to teach young
people - men and women -
to be brave enough to
stand up
and help put an end to these crimes.
We've especially got to
teach young men
to show women the respect
they deserve.
I want every young man in
America
to know that real men don't hurt women.
And those of us who are
fathers have a special
obligation to make sure
every young man out there
understands that being
a man means recognizing
sexual violence and being
outraged by it, and doing
their part to stop it.
Perhaps most important,
we need to keep saying
to anyone out there who has
ever been assaulted: you are not alone.
We have your back.
I've got your back.
I'm going to keep pushing
for others
to step up - across my
administration, in Congress,
in state capitals, college
campuses and military bases
all across our country.
This is a priority for me,
not only as President
and Commander-in-Chief, but as
a husband and a father
of two extraordinary girls.
And I hope it's a
priority for you.
Because here in the United
States of America,
every man and woman, every girl
and boy,
has the right to be safe and
protected and to pursue
their own piece of the American dream.
Let's all do our part
to make it happen.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.